OAuth: Configurable user name attribute (#28286)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/auth/generic-oauth.md

You can customize the attribute name used to extract the ID token from the returned OAuth token with the `id_token_attribute_name` option.

> Customize user's displayed name using `name_attribute_path` configuration option. Order of operations is the same as for the `login_attribute_path` option.

Reviewer: Unless we'll squeeze this into 7.3, we should split out the docs changes to a separate PR that's merged together with 7.4-beta1 because our docs release pipeline publishes all docs changes immediately.

```suggestion
You can set the user's display name with JMESPath using the `name_attribute_path` configuration option. It operates the same way as the `login_attribute_path` option.

> **Note:** `name_attribute_path` is added in 7.4.
```

Author: Yes, forget about this, good catch!
